c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\TeamProjects.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\TeamProjects.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\obj\Debug\TeamProjects.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\obj\Debug\TeamProjects.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\obj\Debug\TeamProjects.pdb
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\TeamProjects.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\TeamProjects.pdb
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\obj\Debug\TeamProjects.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\obj\Debug\TeamProjects.dll
\\hs5.lboro.ac.uk\cojs2\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TeamProjects\TeamProjects\obj\Debug\TeamProjects.pdb
